ACM#9987: HCP: Document Agent provisioning flow for non BM machines (#6073)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/non_bm_intro.adoc

[#configuring-hosting-service-cluster-configure-agent-non-bm]

> = Configuring hosted control plane clusters using non bare metal agent machines (Tech Preview)

Reviewer: New tech preview items should also have an entry in the what's new file in the release notes section.

Author: Done https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/6154

*Important:*

- Each hosted cluster must have a unique name in order for {mce-short} to manage it.

- Run the hub cluster and workers on the same platform for hosted control planes.

- A hosted cluster cannot be created in the namespace of a {mce-short} managed cluster.

- You can add agent machines as a worker node to a hosted cluster by using the Agent platform. Agent machine represents a host booted with a Discovery Image and ready to be provisioned as an {ocp-short} node. The Agent platform is part of the central infrastructure management service. For more information, see xref:../cluster_lifecycle/cim_enable.adoc#enable-cim[Enabling the central infrastructure management service].

> - Each non bare metal host must be booted manually with a Discovery Image ISO that the central infrastructure management provides.

Reviewer 2: put emphasis that this boot should be bootOnce, if not the customer will stay in a loop when the workers get rebooted by the first time.

Author: Is the `bootOnce` a value that can be set somewhere while booting? Or just mentioning "Each non bare metal host must be booted manually only once with a Discovery Image....." is enough?

Reviewer 2: No, it's just a way to boot a node. Is enough just to mention it, the bootOnce procedure is just a helper for the user but a parameter or flag in any place. This will depend in the customers BMC, Virtualiser, etc.. so just mentioning that should be enough

sample:

"Make sure you mount the LiveISO in the worker node in BootOnce mode. If not you will need to unmount that LiveISO from the worker once the first reboot happens."

*Important:*

- Each hosted cluster must have a unique name in order for {mce-short} to manage it.

- Run the hub cluster and workers on the same platform for hosted control planes.

- A hosted cluster cannot be created in the namespace of a {mce-short} managed cluster.

- You can add agent machines as a worker node to a hosted cluster by using the Agent platform. Agent machine represents a host booted with a Discovery Image and ready to be provisioned as an {ocp-short} node. The Agent platform is part of the central infrastructure management service. For more information, see xref:../cluster_lifecycle/cim_enable.adoc#enable-cim[Enabling the central infrastructure management service].

> - You can boot your non bare metal hosts with the ISO only.
> 
> - Each host must be started manually with a Discovery Image that the central infrastructure management provides.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Each non bare metal host must be booted manually with a Discovery Image ISO that the central infrastructure management provides.
```

Reviewer 4: non bare metal probably should not be used, IMO

RECOMMEND: All hosts that are not bare metal require a manual boot with a...

Author: Addressed

Reviewer 4: I see the file name is even non bm, so we may need to keep it. We are trying to shorten filenames in hosted cluster, though.

- When you create a hosted cluster with the Agent platform, HyperShift installs the Agent Cluster API provider in the hosted control plane namespace.

> - When you scale up a node pool, a machine is created. The Cluster API provider finds an Agent that is approved, is passing validations, is not currently in use, and meets the requirements that are specified in the node pool specification. You can monitor the installation of an Agent by checking its status and conditions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A machine is created for every replica you scale the node pool up by. For every machine, the Cluster API provider finds and installs an Agent that is approved, is passing validations, is not currently in use, and meets the requirements that are specified in the node pool specification. You can monitor the installation of an Agent by checking its status and conditions.
```

Reviewer 4: @CrystalChun we have to try to write active voice and not passive voice. That is why the first line is preferred. Is the original line incorrect somehow? 

When you scale up a node pool, a machine is created.

Can say _Each time you scale..._

Author: We have the first sentence[1] already present in the bm_intro.adoc file as well. So IMO, the sentence must not be inaccurate. 
Hence, I changed it to : 
When you scale up the node pool, a machine is created for every replica.

> - When you scale down a node pool, Agents are unbound from the corresponding cluster. Before you can reuse the clusters, you must restart them by using the Discovery image to update the number of nodes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When you scale down a node pool, Agents are unbound from the corresponding cluster. Before you can reuse the Agents, you must restart them by using the Discovery image.
```

Reviewer 4: This was merged but I was in the middle of a peer review, will reach out over slack. I should have made it clear that I was reviewing still...sorry.
